docs: docs on the first argument of docker_build (#1052)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/dependent_images.md

---
title: Getting Started with Image Builds
description: "How to go from building one image to building multiple images"
layout: docs
sidebar: guides
---

This is a brief intro to automatically build and deploy images
to a local dev environment.

We'll start with a single image.

## Going from `docker build` to `docker_build`

On the command-line, an image build looks like this:

```shell
docker build -t my-image .
```

`my-image` is the image name. `.` is the directory of files that you're including in the image.

To make this part of your dev environment, add this to your Tiltfile:

```python
docker_build('my-image', '.')
```

`.` is still the directory of files you're including. Tilt will automatically watch them for changes.

> `my-image` is an image selector. Tilt will scan all your deployment YAML for

Reviewer: Suggest talking about manifests instead of YAML to cover situations where YAML wasn't used
```suggestion
`my-image` is an image selector. Tilt will scan all your workload manifests for
```

---
title: Getting Started with Image Builds
description: "How to go from building one image to building multiple images"
layout: docs
sidebar: guides
---

This is a brief intro to automatically build and deploy images
to a local dev environment.

We'll start with a single image.

## Going from `docker build` to `docker_build`

On the command-line, an image build looks like this:

```shell
docker build -t my-image .
```

`my-image` is the image name. `.` is the directory of files that you're including in the image.

To make this part of your dev environment, add this to your Tiltfile:

```python
docker_build('my-image', '.')
```

`.` is still the directory of files you're including. Tilt will automatically watch them for changes.

`my-image` is an image selector. Tilt will scan all your deployment YAML for
images, and match any object that contains the image name `my-image` (regardless
of tag).

> This creates a dependency between your deploy YAML and `my-image`. Every time 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a dependency between your workload and `my-image`. Every time 
```
